
Part II. Graphical version of FSM-based interface. (200 points, individual)
The requirements are as follows:
(1) Add one more state. This is to be done by moving some commands from one state to the
new state. E.g., in the ClientMenuState, we could have a command “perform wishlist operations”
which would transition to another state from where we can view, add, delete or modify wishlist
entries and also place the order.
(2) Convert the text-based states to GUI. Work on one state at a time. Total credit will depend
on number of states converted, and the overall look and feel of the system.
To earn full points all the interaction should take place through graphical components. The
completed code should be in your individual repo for Project 2.
What to submit:
1. Completion report (in D2L, one per individual). This should explain what state you
have added, starid of the Github account, how to compile and run.
2. Code in Github. In the Github repository of the starid specified above, create a folder
called WarehouseFSMGUI and place all the code in there. Code should be compiled and
tested.
3. Video demonstration of software. This should be done strictly as follows:
(a) login in to your minnstate zoom account
(b) start a meeting, with screen share and audio; record to the cloud.
(c) while in the meeting, open you github repository and compile and run the program.
(d) demonstrate all aspects of you interface going through all the sequences described in
Item 4 below. Please speak clearly, stating what you are doing.
(e) close the recording, the meeting and zoom session; after a little while you should be
able to see the public link to the video in your zoom account.
(f) copy the link to the video, put it in a word/text file and place it in the dropbox in D2L
4. Sequences to demonstrate for testing:
Login as clerk, create five clients: C1 through C5; print/display all clients (should show
the credit/debit balance for each). Logout.
Login as manager, create five products: P1 through P5, with quantities 10, 20, 30, 40, 50
respectively and unit prices $1, $2, $3, $4, $5 respectively.
Become clerk. Print/display all products (should show price and qty for each)
Become client C1. Add to C1’s wishlist: 5 each of P1, P3 and P5. Display C1’s wishlist
Logout to clerk, Become C2, add 7 each of P1, P2 and P4 to wishlist. Show C2’s wishlist
Logout to clerk, manager and back to login.
Login as C3. Add to C3’s wishlist: 6 each of P1, P2 and P5. Print C3’s wishlist. Logout
Login as C2. Place order for C2, buy everything (if available) in wishlist. Logout
Login as clerk, Print/display all clients (should show the credit/debit balance for each)
Become C3. Place order for C3, buy everything (if available) in wishlist. Logout to clerk.
Print/display all clients; display all clients with outstanding balance. Logout.